/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/user-interface
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.deps.json
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.pdb
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Base.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Controls.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.DesignerSupport.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Dialogs.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Markup.Xaml.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Markup.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Metal.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.MicroCom.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.OpenGL.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Controls.ColorPicker.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Controls.DataGrid.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Desktop.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Diagnostics.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Fonts.Inter.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.FreeDesktop.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Native.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.ReactiveUI.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Remote.Protocol.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Skia.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Themes.Fluent.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Themes.Simple.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.Win32.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia.X11.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/DynamicData.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/HarfBuzzSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/MicroCom.Runtime.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ReactiveUI.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/SkiaSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Splat.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.IO.Pipelines.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Reactive.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/Tmds.DBus.Protocol.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/cs/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/de/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/es/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/fr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/it/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ja/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ko/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pl/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/pt-BR/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/ru/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/tr/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hans/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/zh-Hant/Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/av_libglesv2.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/av_libglesv2.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/av_libglesv2.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/osx/native/libAvaloniaNative.dylib
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm64/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-x64/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-x64/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/osx/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.dylib
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm/native/libSkiaSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm64/native/libSkiaSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-x64/native/libSkiaSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-x64/native/libSkiaSharp.so
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/osx/native/libSkiaSharp.dylib
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/libSkiaSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/libSkiaSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/libSkiaSharp.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia/Resources.Inputs.cache
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia/resources
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.sourcelink.json
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia/references
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia/original.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia/original.pdb
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/Avalonia/original.ref.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/user-interface.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.dll
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.pdb
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-int.6CDEB9E9.Up2Date
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/user-interface.genruntimeconfig.cache
/Users/lajoskariko/RiderProjects/Semester-Project/user-interface/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/user-interface.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.exe
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.deps.json
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.pdb
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Base.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Controls.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.DesignerSupport.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Dialogs.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Markup.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Markup.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Metal.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.MicroCom.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.OpenGL.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Controls.ColorPicker.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Controls.DataGrid.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Desktop.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Fonts.Inter.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.FreeDesktop.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Native.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.ReactiveUI.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Remote.Protocol.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Skia.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Themes.Fluent.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Themes.Simple.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.Win32.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia.X11.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\DynamicData.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\HarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\MicroCom.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ReactiveUI.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\SkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Splat.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Reactive.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\Tmds.DBus.Protocol.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\av_libglesv2.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\av_libglesv2.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\av_libglesv2.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libAvaloniaNative.dylib
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dylib
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libHarfBuzzSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.so
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSkiaSharp.dylib
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\libSkiaSharp.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\Resources.Inputs.cache
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\resources
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\references
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\original.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\original.pdb
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\Avalonia\original.ref.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\user-interface.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.dll
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.pdb
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-int.6CDEB9E9.Up2Date
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\user-interface.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\admin\Desktop\SDU\S2\Semester Project 2\Semester Project Code\Semester-Project\user-interface\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\user-interface.dll
